Update broken link (#84)
volkamerlab/volkamerlab_org: content/projects/knowtox.md

  KnowTox is a novel pipeline that combines three different _in silico_ toxicology approaches to allow for confident prediction of potentially toxic effects of novel chemical entities, i.e. machine learning models, alerts for toxic substructures and computational support for read-across.
---

> Computational tools for toxicity prediction are promising in the process of reducing, refining and replacing animal testing. To assess the toxicity of novel chemical entities, regulatory agencies require in vivo testing for several toxic endpoints. In 2017, roughly 9.39 million laboratory animals have been deployed in the European Union, of which 2.19 million were used for regulatory testing purposes (~11% of those for testing industrial chemicals; source: {{< external "European Commision Report" "https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:52020DC0016" >}}). Thus, the establishment of alternative methods, and with it the reduction of animal testing, is of utmost importance.

Author: ```suggestion
Computational tools for toxicity prediction are promising in the process of reducing, refining and replacing animal testing. To assess the toxicity of novel chemical entities, regulatory agencies require in vivo testing for several toxic endpoints. In 2017, roughly 9.39 million laboratory animals have been deployed in the European Union, of which 2.19 million were used for regulatory testing purposes (~11% of those for testing industrial chemicals; source: {{< external "European Commission Report" "https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:52020DC0016&from=EN" >}}). Thus, the establishment of alternative methods, and with it the reduction of animal testing, is of utmost importance.
```
